# secret-message-decoder

So I used Golang to create a cell struct that will hold the X and Y coordinates and the character that will be drawn at the specified grid location. Firstly I load the document using the Google Doc URL as a command-line argument (os.Args[1] in Go allows arguments to be passed directly into the terminal command line). I then check the status code to see whether it is a 200 response, meaning that the data was successfully retrieved and is ready to be parsed. I then run a print line statement to double check that the document has been successfully loaded into the program. 

I then proceed to parse characters from the grid into the Go Cell struct so that the data will be ready for printing in the command line terminal. I created a new function called parseCharacterGridFromDoc(doc *goquery.Document) []Cell which accepts a document as an argument and returns an array of Cells required for printing. The function goes row by row (I add two validation steps to skip the first header row in the table and check that there are three columns in the table as expected) and extracts the x-axis, y-axis and character data from the Google Doc, trimming spaces and converting the x and y integers into strings (as they are intially integers). I add a check that will skip rows with invalid int to string conversions. Each row in the column is now represented as a Golang Cell struct object. I append all the Cell objects to the cells []Cell array. This cells array of Cell objects will be used to paint the final picture in the command line.

I create the final function called renderGridFromCells(cells) 